README.md, before:

# wl-ui-kit-storybook

A React component library built with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Storybook. This repository provides a standardized set of UI primitives for building consistent web applications.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your system:

- **Node.js** (version 18 or higher recommended)
- **npm** (comes with Node.js)

You can verify your installation by running:
```bash
node --version
npm --version
```

## Downloading the Repository

To download and clone this repository from Bitbucket, follow these steps:

1. Open your terminal or command prompt

2. Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository:
   ```bash
   cd /path/to/your/projects
   ```

3. Clone the repository using HTTPS:
   ```bash
   git clone https://bitbucket.org/wl-ii/wl-ui-kit-storybook.git
   ```

4. Navigate into the cloned repository:
   ```bash
   cd wl-ui-kit-storybook
   ```

## Running the Project Locally

Once you have cloned the repository, follow these steps to run the project on your local machine:

### 1. Install Dependencies

First, install all the required dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

This command will download and install all the packages listed in `package.json`.

### 2. Start Storybook

To run the component library in development mode with Storybook:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

This will start the Storybook development server, and it should automatically open in your browser at:
```
http://localhost:6006
```

If it doesn't open automatically, you can manually navigate to `http://localhost:6006` in your web browser.

## Available Commands

This project includes several npm scripts for different tasks:

- **`npm run storybook`** - Start Storybook development server (runs on port 6006)
- **`npm run dev`** - Start Vite development server
- **`npm run build`** - Build the project for production (TypeScript compilation + Vite build)
- **`npm run lint`** - Run ESLint to check code quality
- **`npm run preview`** - Preview the production build locally
- **`npm run build-storybook`** - Build a static version of Storybook

## Project Structure

This component library includes:

- **Layout Components**: Container, Grid, Stack, Divider
- **Navigation Components**: Navbar, Breadcrumbs, Sidebar
- **Form Components**: Button and other form elements
- **Theme System**: Built-in dark/light mode support
- **TypeScript**: Full type safety throughout the codebase

## Technology Stack

- **React 18** with TypeScript
- **Vite** for build tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- **Storybook** for component documentation
- **Vitest** for testing

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please contact the repository owner or admin.

Commit message:

Update readme and remove template files for Angular

README.md, after:

# wl-ui-kit-storybook

A React component library built with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Storybook. This repository provides a standardized set of UI primitives for building consistent web applications.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed on your system:

- **Node.js** (version 18 or higher recommended)
- **npm** (comes with Node.js)

You can verify your installation by running:
```bash
node --version
npm --version
```

## Downloading the Repository

To download and clone this repository from Bitbucket, follow these steps:

1. Open your terminal or command prompt

2. Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository:
   ```bash
   cd /path/to/your/projects
   ```

3. Clone the repository using HTTPS:
   ```bash
   git clone https://bitbucket.org/wl-ii/wl-ui-kit-storybook.git
   ```

4. Navigate into the cloned repository:
   ```bash
   cd wl-ui-kit-storybook
   ```

## Running the Project Locally

Once you have cloned the repository, follow these steps to run the project on your local machine:

### 1. Install Dependencies

First, install all the required dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

This command will download and install all the packages listed in `package.json`.

### 2. Start Angular Storybook

Run this command:

```
npm run storybook:angular
```

This will start the Angular Storybook development server, and it should automatically open in your browser at:
```
http://localhost:7008
```

If it doesn't open automatically, you can manually navigate to `http://localhost:7008` in your web browser.

#### Note: Make sure that the localhost:7008 run first before starting the next step

### 3. Run Both Storybooks Together

To run both the React + Angular component library in development mode with Storybook:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

This will start the Storybook development server, and it should automatically open in your browser at:
```
http://localhost:6006
```

If it doesn't open automatically, you can manually navigate to `http://localhost:6006` in your web browser.

## Available Commands

This project includes several npm scripts for different tasks:

- **`npm run storybook`** - Start Storybook development server (runs on port 6006)
- **`npm run dev`** - Start Vite development server
- **`npm run build`** - Build the project for production (TypeScript compilation + Vite build)
- **`npm run lint`** - Run ESLint to check code quality
- **`npm run preview`** - Preview the production build locally
- **`npm run build-storybook`** - Build a static version of Storybook

## Project Structure

This component library includes:

- **Layout Components**: Container, Grid, Stack, Divider
- **Navigation Components**: Navbar, Breadcrumbs, Sidebar
- **Form Components**: Button and other form elements
- **Theme System**: Built-in dark/light mode support
- **TypeScript**: Full type safety throughout the codebase

## Technology Stack

- **React 18** with TypeScript
- **Angular 20** with TypeScript
- **Vite** for build tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- **Storybook** for component documentation
- **Vitest** for testing

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please contact the repository owner or admin.
